What do you still want to exist? Something happened.
Wang Shao
What's the matter? Leave me alone.
They're all dead on a two-month project
It was robbed by someone else
Feed the black dog and find out about Lao Tzu
Who the hell took the land in Haijiang Village?
Get some dirt on Tai Sui's head and wipe it for me
Cooperation is no problem
There are 132 households in total
That's 9.24 million
Well, it will probably arrive in our village at night.
on the account
At that time, just remember to check it for the village chief.
Ah no no no
Have a lunch together
No no
We have something to do tonight
Let's go first.
Hey, okay, okay, next time?
Mr. Ye
What's the matter? You spent so much money on this land.
Just to target the Wang family
Is it too uneconomical?
Who told you that I was just targeting the Wang family?
Isn't it?
Of course not.
If nothing else
Just this land
It should rise by 200 in less than a month.
One month.